the first prisoners began arriving at the headquarters of the federal police in salvador
early in the morning
in operation carcará baiana began at dawn the goal was to fulfill 82
search warrants and arrest warrants
the teams were divided into 21 cities in the state
with concrete evidence of involvement in crimes
are they
itatim
the tinga cafarnaúm sheets aratuípe and cattle breajões candid solace santa
Terezinha pretty pirate saint Stephen in the maranhão elísio medrado
on the back of the moor
My Photo
castro alves lafaiete coutinho
palm trees and what if
by mid-morning the federal police had already confirmed the arrest of 29
people
among them five mayors of the cities of itatinga cafarnaúm
for filipe elísio medrado
in sheets
to prisons also issued to civil servants
municipal secretaries with entrepreneurs will be presented
court provision
the future that will preside over the judiciary for over a year.
federal police in partnership with the general controller of the vineyard union
investigating a strong fraud scheme in prefectures of Bahia
it is estimated that more than 60 million reais have been diverted
through regularity without public tenders with
federal
this is a reality that can increase
on the first turn
after analysis of material
he was seized
to pressure the government and the dead
this number may increase the investigations have shown that the
known as edson of santos cruz
that the pre-trial detention was decreed was in this way the manager
and all this scheme he was the one that managed directly to the companies he
were the people who handled the companies that collaborate in the bids
how can it effectively be to establish the form of participation of the
big and each one of them